HEMINGWAY:

        I. Maritime spaces unequally integrated into globalisation.

Geo-1 Seas and Oceans at the core of globalisation

South-East is the most dynamic saeboard because it has the biggest container ports:
Southampton, London, Felixstowe.

Their location allows this because they are close to important european ports such as Rotterdam and Antwerp.
They also have good connections to the north of the country (rail + road).

The SE seaboard makes the SE of Englandmore integrated into globalisation, it is therefore wealthier.

    1 - The most dynamic seaboards

Some seaboards are the centers of globalisation.
Usually, the main seaboards correspond with the main megalopolise
On those seaboards, there are important ports that we call gateways,
which have a dynamic hinterland(land behind the port)

    2 - Strategic routes and choke points

Some ports are equally important for trades, even though they dont have a dynamic hinterland, and thats because they are placed on shipping routes. The main maritime routes tend to be the shortest and the safest routes and therefore the cheapest routes to go from one port to another one, those routes go through choke points which are narrow stretches of water. These can be either natural(straits)

Q1- Kingston is a port placed on important maritime routes:



JULIEN:

Democracy: power to the people, through votes
Totalitarian: power to 1 person/party
USSR was a totalitarian communist regime

Theme 1: Challenges to Democracy, Rise of Totalitarianism and WWII (1929 - 1945)

    CHAPTER 1: The eeconomic and social impact of the 1930s depression
        INTRODUCTION: The 1930s were a decade marked by a major world economic crisis, triggered by the Wall Street Crashof October 1929.
        In fact, the depression had its roots in a system of overextended international credits which undermined the apparent return to "normalcy": the prosperity of the late 1920s ("Roaring 20s" in the US) rested on fragile foundations.

        // missing 3-4 paragraphs //

        key questions:
        // missing 3Q //

        I) From wall street crash to world depression

            A) How did the crisis occur in the USA?
            1) Financial crisis
            // 7 P //

            B) Why did the crisis spread to the rest of the world?
            - Interdependence of global economies combined with the position of the US in the world order that followed WWI (= US economical dominance) accounts for a quick spread of the Depression.

            - Faced with the crisis at home, the Americans stopped lending money to foreign countries(such as germany) and called in the short-term loans they had already made.

            - By 1931, most of Europe was in a similar plight: in May 1931, the Austrian Kredit Anstalt closed down, followed by 4 German banks.

            - Then, the crisis hit Britain.

            -From the Financial sector, it spread to all the economic branches.

            -However, depending on the countries, it was felt differently: Latin American, African and Asian countries were deeply affected as they depended on their sales of agricultural or mineral products to European and Americans.

            // 2 P //

            Interbational trade shrunk as countries chose to resort to protectionism: between 1929 and 1933, the global value of trade decreased by 2/3.

            C) What caused the depression?
            1) weakness of the American economy

            // idek //
        
        II) A social and economic disaster

            A) Impact of the Depression in the US
    


Theme 2: The post-war Bipolar world and Challenges to Bi-polarization (1944 to the 1970s)



Theme 3: Economic, Political and Social transformations: causes and consequences (1970s to 1990s)



OLIVIER:

Qui peut faire de la philosophie?
=> Tout le monde peut-il faire de la philosophie?

Intro --> Accroche(prejugé MAIS a combattre), doute(est-on sur de cela...), probleme(si par "un mot", on entend "", alors"" mais si par, ex: definir philosophie), problematique(prenndre les 2 consequences vus dans le probleme et dire ca ou ca), plan

Developpement -->   I. Perspective (on peut penser que ...) [idée que j'aime pas, a critiquer plus tard] - transition
                    II. Mais/Toutefois (car... car... car...) - transition
                    III. Alors (car... car... car...)

Conclusion --> Resume la parti I et II, rappelle la question et resume la reponse donnee en partie III

Transition --> resume de la partie I, rappel, justification de la partie suivante(or on peut se demander...)


                                                        ~~ La Raison ~~
                    
    On appelle la raison, dans l'homme, la puissance de distinguer le vrai du faux, et d'agir d'après cette perception. Comme simple capacité de discerner le vrai, la raison ne se distingue pas de ce que Descartes appelle le bon sens.

 







FOURCASSA:

La planete Terre s'est formée il y a environ 4,6 Md d'années, presque en meme temps que le Soleil et les autres planetes du systeme solaire.
Elle possede une atmosphere, c'est-à-dire un ensemble de gaz retenus par gravité à sa surface, mais aussi des océans constitués de liquides.

Comment a évolué la composition de l'atmosphere terrestre?
Comment se sont formés les océans sur Terre?









SOULLIER:

Chapitre 5: Deux siècles d'éléctricité

Un engine qui transforme mouvement circulaire en electricité est un alternateur





les mouvements allers-retours font de l'effet, si on va plus vite ca fait plus d'effet
23/09:
je vous laisse satisfaire votre curiosité ce soir sur Google




    I - L'alternateur

        Les alternateurs éléctriques exploitent le phénomène d'induction éléctromagnétique découvert par Faraday, puis théorisée par Maxwell au XIXe siècle.

        Un alternateur réalise une conversion d'énergie mécanique avec des pertes sous formes d'énergie thermique par frottement et par effet Joule.

        E. mécanique --> Alternateur -> E.Electrique
                                     -> E.Thermique

        La puissance Pf est égale en moyenne à 8,4 * 10^8
    



COLIN:

    Codes Couleurs: Rouge => Grammaire
                    Orange => Conjuguaison
                    Rose => Orthographe
                    Bleu => Accents
                    Vert => Vocabulaire
                    Jaune => Aquis


        La fiesta Erasmus

        Epiesa adaptacion